
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/buildermethods/agent-os/main/scripts/base-install.sh | bash

/d/home/agent-os-main/scripts/project-install.sh --agent-os-commands true

@1-product-concept.md
i want to create ai itinerary builder saas

gather the necessary information from you to create the product plan.
Please provide the following to create your product plan:
Main idea for the product
List of key features (minimum 3)
Target users and use cases (minimum 1)
Will this product use your usual tech stack choices or deviate in any way?

1. AI Itinerary builder web application saas
2. Dynamic Itinerary Generation
,Budget-Aware Planning
,Pace-Based Scheduling
,Traveler-Type Profiles
,Drag-and-Drop Reordering
3. The "Overwhelmed Organizer"

Who they are: A busy parent planning the annual family vacation, or the one friend who always gets "volunteered" to plan the group trip. They are managing multiple (and often conflicting) needs.
Main Use Case (Job-to-be-Done): "Help me plan a trip for 4+ people with different budgets, energy levels, and interests (e.g., kids, partner, friends). I need to balance everyone's needs and easily make adjustments when people change their minds, all without spending 20 hours researching."
Why your features are perfect: Traveler-Type Profiles (for family/group) and Pace-Based Scheduling (managing kids' energy or a group's pace) are critical. Drag-and-Drop Reordering is essential for them to make constant adjustments based on group feedback.

The "Budget-Conscious Explorer"

Who they are: A solo backpacker, a recent graduate, or a young couple who loves to travel but must stick to a strict budget. They want the most experience for the least money.
Main Use Case (Job-to-be-Done): "Help me build an amazing itinerary that respects my tight budget. I need to find the best value for activities and food, and I want to see how my choices impact my total spending in real-time."
Why your features are perfect: Budget-Aware Planning is their number one priority. Pace-Based Scheduling allows them to pack their days with free/low-cost activities. Dynamic Itinerary Generation helps them discover things they might have missed.

The "Time-Strapped Optimizer"

Who they are: A busy professional, a "Type-A" planner, or someone on a short "bleisure" (business + leisure) trip. Their main constraint isn't money; it's time.
Main Use Case (Job-to-be-Done): "I have exactly 72 hours in this city, and I want the perfectly optimized schedule. Help me create the most efficient plan that matches my specific interests and desired pace, ensuring I don't waste a single minute."
Why your features are perfect: Pace-Based Scheduling (e.g., set to "Packed") is vital. Traveler-Type Profiles (e.g., "Solo," "Business") helps filter out irrelevant suggestions. Drag-and-Drop Reordering gives them the final feeling of control and optimization they crave.

4. choose the most recommended

@2-create-mission.md
@3-create-roadmap.md
@4-create-tech-stack.md